docs: Rspamd DKIM config simplify via `path` setting (#3702)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/best-practices/dkim_dmarc_spf.md

        use_esld = true;
        check_pubkey = true; # you want to use this in the beginning

        selector = "mail";

>         path = "/tmp/docker-mailserver/opendkim/keys/$domain/$selector.private"; # this will automatically match keys for domains

Reviewer: ~~Can you please cite the source for this feature?~~ (_**EDIT:** Not necessary, cited below_)

I see on the [rspamd dkim docs](https://rspamd.com/doc/modules/dkim_signing.html#configuration) that `selector` is used as the default with the `$selector` variable, ~~but `$domain` is only mentioned in a comment, is that also a fixed fallback value or is it documented somewhere as dynamic?~~

**EDIT:** After reading the [first section](https://rspamd.com/doc/modules/dkim_signing.html#principles-of-operation) and going over the config example / defaults, I see that `$domain` is from `use_domain` setting, which defaults to dynamically sourced from `header` but could be configured as a fixed domain. While `selector` defaults to `dkim`.

Reviewer: This context with source citing is now also part of the related TODO issue: https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/3778

>         selector = "mail";
>         path = "/tmp/docker-mailserver/opendkim/keys/$domain/$selector.private"; # this will automatically match keys for domains

Reviewer: - I've moved the comment above the `path` setting and revised it for context.
- The `path` was pointing to `opendkim`, it was probably meant to point to `rspamd`? I've normalized it to `dkim` which we'd like to switch to (_perhaps for v14_) Feel free to set it to `rspamd` instead for now, which would be consistent with the `path` config that follows afterwards.

```suggestion
        selector = "mail";
        # The location is searched for a DKIM key with `$domain` sourced from the mail `FROM` header, while `$selector` is configured for `mail` as a default.
        path = "/tmp/docker-mailserver/dkim/keys/$domain/$selector.private";
```

>         # domain specific configurations can be provided below:

Reviewer: Alternatively there is a simple [`selector_map` setting](https://rspamd.com/doc/modules/dkim_signing.html#using-maps) that references a file of `$domain $selector` pairs per line.

The `$domain` is used to lookup the `$selector` override (if any), similar to how the config here works. Assuming `selector_maps` is compatible with multiple selectors as well, then the only difference from this config below is configuring different `path` which we don't really need, and a similar setting `path_maps` supports.

Reviewer: This feedback has been migrated to a separate TODO issue: https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/3778

        use_esld = true;
        check_pubkey = true; # you want to use this in the beginning

        selector = "mail";

>         # The location is searched for a DKIM key with `$domain` sourced from the MIME mail message `From` header, while `$selector` is configured for `mail` (as a default fallback).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # The path location is searched for a DKIM key with these variables:
        # - `$domain` is sourced from the MIME mail message `From` header
        # - `$selector` is configured for `mail` (as a default fallback)
```

        use_esld = true;
        check_pubkey = true; # you want to use this in the beginning

        selector = "mail";
        # The path location is searched for a DKIM key with these variables:
        # - `$domain` is sourced from the MIME mail message `From` header
        # - `$selector` is configured for `mail` (as a default fallback)

>         path = "/tmp/docker-mailserver/dkim/keys/$domain/$selector.private";

Reviewer 2: This path is wrong, currently the keys are in: `/tmp/docker-mailserver/opendkim/keys/`

I have used `path = "/etc/opendkim/keys/$domain/$selector.private";` until now

Reviewer: > This path is wrong

It's an example and was explicitly changed to that by me for the docs.

The [contributor used `/tmp/docker-mailserver/...`](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3702/files/02f09ef0e0570344248eadbcea39f2b595494762#diff-aee5f16ae135f9232103399f5670afb3c353405767d6020b38e51480c651d83f) instead of `/etc/...` but otherwise they also referred to `opendkim`.

Not sure why you'd want OpenDKIM as the path for rspamd though? I want this to be a unified location for DKIM keys, but someone will need to contribute that change.

Reviewer 2: Well, it's more that rspamd wanted to do signing before I would even know it. So I patched the path and selector to use open dkim path. Since opendkim was the first dkim stuff I had setup
Just feels like there is too many moving components in DMS and without a diagram I can not decide to shut down one component or another.
Anyway this config allows to local dkim sign and that's all I needed to pass 👍
